You know I want you. It's not a secret I try to hide  I know you want me. So don't keep saying our hands are tied  You claim it's not in the cards  Fate is pulling you miles away. And out of reach from me. But you're here in my heart  So who can stop me if I decide  You're my destiny. What if we rewrite the stars  Say you were made to be mine  Nothing could keep us apart  You'd be the one I was meant to find  It's up to you and it's up to me. No one can say what we get to be. So why don't we rewrite the stars  Maybe the world could be ours tonight. You think it's easy. You think I don't wanna run to you. But there are mountains  And there are doors that we can't walk through. I know you wonder why  Because we're able to be just you and me. Within these walls  But when we go outside  You're gonna wake up and see  That it was hopeless after all  No one can rewrite the stars  How can you say you're mine  Everything keeps us apart. And I'm not the one you were meant to find  It's not up to you. It's not up to me  When everyone tells us what we can be  How can we rewrite the stars  Say that the world can be ours tonight  All I want is to fly with you  All I want is to fall with you. So just give me all of you. It feels impossible  Is it impossible  Say that it's possible  How do we rewrite the stars. Say you were meant to be mine  Nothing can keep us apart  Cause you are the one I was meant to find  It's up to you. And it's up to me. No one can say what we get to be. So why don't we rewrite the stars  Changing the world to be ours. You know I want you. It's not a secret I tried to hide. But I can't have you  We're bound to break and my hands are tied  How can we rewrite the stars. Say that the world can be ours tonight  All I want is to fly with you  All I want is to fall with you. So just give me all of you. It feels impossible  Is it impossible  Say that it's possible  How do we rewrite the stars. Say you were meant to be mine  Nothing can keep us apart  Cause you are the one I was meant to find  It's up to you. And it's up to me. No one can say what we get to be. So why don't we rewrite the stars  Changing the world to be ours. You know I want you. It's not a secret I tried to hide. But I can't have you  We're bound to break and my hands are tied.